# Room - Event Interfaces

The table below contains the room-related events, as well as the purpose of each event. If you want to execute actions based on room events, you can use any of the events mentioned below as an event interface.

<table><thead><tr><th width="281.5">Interface</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>IPostRoomCreate</code></td><td>Handler after a room is created.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostRoomDeleted</code></td><td>Handler after a room is deleted.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostRoomUserJoined</code></td><td><p>Event interface that allows an app to register as a handler of the <code>IPostRoomUserJoined</code> event. </p><p></p><p>This event is triggered after a user successfully joins a room. This event does not allow an app to prevent any action from happening. For that, see the  <code>IPreRoomUserJoined</code> interface.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostRoomUserLeave</code></td><td><p>Event interface that allows an app to register as a handler of the <code>IPostRoomUserLeave</code> event. </p><p></p><p>This event is triggered after a user successfully leaves a room. This event does not allow an app to prevent any action from happening. For that, see the <code>IPreRoomUserLeave</code> interface.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreRoomCreateExtend</code></td><td>Handler called when an app wants to extend a room.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreRoomCreateModify</code></td><td>​​Handler called when an app wants to modify a room. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreRoomCreatePrevent</code></td><td>Handler called when an app wants to prevent the creation of a room. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreRoomDeletePrevent</code></td><td>Handler called when an app wants to prevent the deletion of a room. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreRoomUserJoined</code></td><td><p>Event interface that allows an app to register as a handler of the <code>IPreRoomUserJoined</code> event. </p><p></p><p>This event is triggered prior to a user successfully</p><p>joining a room. To prevent the user from executing such an action, an app should throw the <code>UserNotAllowedException</code>. This event is not triggered before a room has been created. For that, check the <code>IPreRoomCreate</code> event.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreRoomUserLeave</code></td><td><p>Event interface that allows an app to register as a handler of the <code>IPreRoomUserLeave</code> event. </p><p></p><p>This event is triggered prior to a user successfully</p><p>leaving a room. To prevent the user from executing such an action, an app should throw the <code>UserNotAllowedException</code>. This event is not triggered before a room has been created. For that, check the <code>IPreRoomCreate</code> event. </p></td></tr></tbody></table>
