# Message - Event Interfaces

The table below contains all of the message-related events, as well as the purpose of each event. If you want to execute actions based on message events, you may use any of the events mentioned below as an event interface.

<table><thead><tr><th width="313.5">Interface</th><th>Purpose</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>IMessage</code></td><td>Interface which represents a message and fetches the necessary details of a message such as the room, sender, text, editor, and so on. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IMessageAction</code></td><td>Interface which represents an action that can be added to a message.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IMessageAttachment</code></td><td>Interface which represents an attachment that can be added to a message.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IMessageAttachmentAuthor</code></td><td>Interface for the author piece of the attachments.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IMessageAttachmentField</code></td><td>The field property of the attachments allows for "tables" or "columns" to be displayed on messages.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IMessageAttachmentTitle</code></td><td>Title to display for this attachment —  displayed under the author.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IMessageDeleteContext</code></td><td>The context of execution for the event - IPostMessageDeleted. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IMessageFile</code></td><td>Interface which represents the file attached with the message. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IMessageFollowContext</code></td><td>The context of execution for the event - IPostMessageFollowed. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IMessagePinContext</code></td><td>The context of execution for the event - IPostMessagePinned. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IMessageReactions</code></td><td>Interface which represents a reaction which can be added to a message.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IMessageReactionContext</code></td><td>The context of execution for the event - IPostMessageReacted. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IMessageReportContext</code></td><td>The context of execution for the event - IPostMessageReported. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IMessageStarContext</code></td><td>The context of execution for the event - IPostMessageStarred. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostMessageDeleted</code></td><td>Handler for after a message is deleted.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostMessageFollowed</code></td><td>Handler for after a message has been followed or unfollowed. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostMessagePinned</code></td><td>Handler for after a message has been pinned or unpinned.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostMessageReacted</code></td><td>Handler for after a message gets a reaction or a reaction got removed. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostMessageReported</code></td><td>Handler for after a message is reported. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostMessageSent</code></td><td>Handler for after a message is sent.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostMessageSentToBot</code></td><td>Handler for after a DM is sent to a bot.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostMessageStarred</code></td><td>Handler for after a message has been starred or unstarred. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostMessageUpdated</code></td><td>Handler for after a message is updated.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreMessageDeletePrevent</code></td><td>Handler which is called to determine whether a user is allowed to delete a message or not. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreMessageSentExtend</code></td><td>Handler called when an app wants to enrich a message.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreMessageSentModify</code></td><td>Handler called when an app wants to modify a message. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreMessageSentPrevent</code></td><td>Handler which is called to determine whether a user is allowed to send a message or not.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreMessageUpdatedExtend</code></td><td>Handler called when an app wants to enrich a message update.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreMessageUpdatedModify</code></td><td>​​Handler called when an app wants to modify a message update. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreMessageUpdatedPrevent</code></td><td>Handler which is called to determine whether a user is allowed to update a message or not.</td></tr></tbody></table>

