# Room - Event Interfaces

The table below contains all of the room-related events, as well as the purpose of each event. If you want to execute actions based on room events, you may use any of the events mentioned below as an event interface.

<table><thead><tr><th width="289.5">Interface</th><th>Purpose</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>IPostRoomCreate</code></td><td>Handler for after a room is created.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostRoomCreate</code></td><td>Handler for after a room is deleted.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostRoomUserJoined</code></td><td><p>Event interface that allows an app to register as a handler of the `IPostRoomUserJoined`event. This event is triggered after a user successfully joins a room. This event does not allow an app to prevent any action from happening. For that, see its "pre-counterpart(s)":</p><p>- IPreRoomUserJoined</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostRoomUserLeave</code></td><td><p>Event interface that allows an app to register as a handler of the `IPostRoomUserLeave`event. This event is triggered after a user successfully leaves a room. This event does not allow an app to prevent any action from happening. For that, see its "pre counterpart(s)":</p><p>- IPreRoomUserLeave</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreRoomCreateExtend</code></td><td>Handler called when an app wants to enrich a room.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreRoomCreateModify</code></td><td>​​Handler called when an app wants to modify a room. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreRoomCreatePrevent</code></td><td>Handler called when an app wants to prevent the creation of a room. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreRoomDeletePrevent</code></td><td>Handler called when an app wants to prevent the deletion of a room. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreRoomUserJoined</code></td><td><p>Event interface that allows an app to register as a handler of the `IPreRoomUserJoined`event. This event is triggered prior to a user successfully</p><p>joining a room. To prevent the user from executing such an action, an app should throw the `UserNotAllowedException`. This event is not triggered before a room has been created. For that, check the `IPreRoomCreate` event.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>IPreRoomUserLeave</code></td><td><p>Event interface that allows an app to register as a handler of the `IPreRoomUserLeave`event. This event is triggered prior to a user successfully</p><p>leaving a room. To prevent the user from executing such an action, an app should throw the `UserNotAllowedException`. This event is not triggered before a room has been created. For that, check the `IPreRoomCreate` event. </p></td></tr><tr><td><code>IRoom</code></td><td>Interface that represents a room and fetches the room details such as ID, type, creator, and so on.  </td></tr><tr><td><code>IRoomUserJoinedContext</code></td><td><p>The context of execution for the following events:</p><p>- IPreRoomUserJoined</p><p>- IPostRoomUserJoined</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>IRoomUserLeaveContext</code></td><td><p>The context of execution for the following events:</p><p>- IPreRoomUserLeave</p><p>- IPostRoomUserLeave</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>RoomType</code></td><td>Interface that represents the room type and fetches details on the type of room such as channel, direct message, etc. </td></tr></tbody></table>
