# Users - Event Interfaces

The table below contains all of the user-related events, as well as the purpose of each event. If you want to execute actions based on user events, you may use any of the events mentioned below as an event interface.&#x20;

<table><thead><tr><th width="303.5">Interface</th><th>Purpose</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>IBotUser</code></td><td>Interface that represents the bot type. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostUserCreated</code></td><td><p>Event interface that allows an app to</p><p>register as a handler of the `IPostUserCreated`event. This event is triggered *after* the user has been saved to the database.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostUserDeleted</code></td><td>Event interface that allows an app to register as a handler of the <code>IPostUserDeleted</code> event. This event is triggered <em>after</em> the user has been removed from the database.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostUserLoggedIn</code></td><td><p>Event interface that allows an app to</p><p>register as a handler of the `IPostUserLoggedIn`event. This event is triggered *after* the user logs into Rocket.Chat.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostUserLoggedOut</code></td><td><p>Event interface that allows an app to</p><p>register as a handler of the `IPostUserLoggedOut`event. This event is triggered *after* the user logs out from Rocket.Chat.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostUserStatusChanged</code></td><td><p>Event interface that allows an app to</p><p>register as a handler of the `IPostUserStatusChanged`event. This event is triggered *after* the user changes his status on Rocket.Chat for online, away, busy, or offline. Does **not** trigger when the custom status is changed.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>IPostUserUpdated</code></td><td><p>Event interface that allows an app to</p><p>register as a handler of the `IPostUserUpdated`event. This event is triggered *after* the user has been saved to the database.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>IUser</code></td><td>Interface that represents a user and fetches user details such as username, email, type, roles, and so on. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IUserContext</code></td><td><p>The context of execution for the following events:</p><p>- IPostUserCreated</p><p>- IPostUserDeleted</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>IUserCreationOptions</code></td><td>Interface that describes the options pertaining to creating a user such as password requirements and the default channels to join. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IUserEmail</code></td><td>Interface that displays the email address and verification status of the user. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IUserLookup</code></td><td>Interface that fetches the ID and username of the user. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IUserSettings</code></td><td>Interface the provides the user settings such as language and preferences. </td></tr><tr><td><code>IUserStatusContext</code></td><td>The context of execution for the event - IPostUserStatusChanged.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IUserUpdateContext</code></td><td><p>The context of execution for the event - </p><p>IPostUserUpdated.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>IUserUpdateContext</code></td><td><p>The context of execution for the event - </p><p>IPostUserUpdated. </p></td></tr><tr><td><code>UserStatusConnection</code></td><td>Interface that provides details on the user status such as offline, online, away, busy, or so on. </td></tr><tr><td><code>UserType</code></td><td>Interface that represents the user type in Rocket.Chat.</td></tr></tbody></table>
